Update CHANGELOG.md with new limits on uploading SARIF (#1493)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

    - These changes will not affect the majority of code scanning workflows. Continue reading only if your workflow uses [@actions/tool-cache](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/tree/main/packages/tool-cache) or relies on the precise location of CodeQL within the Actions tool cache.
    - The tool cache now contains **two** recent CodeQL versions (previously **one**).
    - Each CodeQL version is located under a directory named after the release date and version number, e.g. CodeQL 2.11.6 is now located under `CodeQL/2.11.6-20221211/x64/codeql` (previously `CodeQL/0.0.0-20221211/x64/codeql`).

> - Bump the maximum number of SARIF runs per file from 15 to 20. This change will help ensure that Code Scanning can process SARIF files generated by third party tools that have many runs. See the [GitHub API documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/code-scanning?apiVersion=2022-11-28#upload-an-analysis-as-sarif-data) for a list of all the limits around uploading SARIF.

Author: ```suggestion
- Bump the maximum number of SARIF runs per file from 15 to 20. This change will help ensure that Code Scanning can process SARIF files generated by third party tools that have many runs. See the [GitHub API documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/code-scanning?apiVersion=2022-11-28#upload-an-analysis-as-sarif-data) for a list of all the limits around uploading SARIF. This change affects github.com users only.
```

> - Bump the maximum number of SARIF runs per file from 15 to 20. This change will help ensure that Code Scanning can process SARIF files generated by third party tools that have many runs. See the [GitHub API documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/code-scanning?apiVersion=2022-11-28#upload-an-analysis-as-sarif-data) for a list of all the limits around uploading SARIF. This change affects github.com users only.

Reviewer: @JennyRockU I think this change will land in GHES 3.9.  Does that sound right to you?

```suggestion
- The maximum number of runs per file has been increased from 15 to 20 for users uploading SARIF files to GitHub.com. This change will help ensure that Code Scanning can process SARIF files generated by third party tools that have many runs. See the [GitHub API documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/code-scanning?apiVersion=2022-11-28#upload-an-analysis-as-sarif-data) for a list of all the limits around uploading SARIF. This change will be released to GitHub Enterprise Server as part of GHES 3.9.
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps also link the word `run` to https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/code-scanning/integrating-with-code-scanning/sarif-support-for-code-scanning#run-object. I expect a user affected by this change knows what a SARIF run is, but good to be thorough.

Author: ```suggestion
- The maximum number of [SARIF runs](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/code-scanning/integrating-with-code-scanning/sarif-support-for-code-scanning#run-object) per file has been increased from 15 to 20 for users uploading SARIF files to GitHub.com. This change will help ensure that Code Scanning can process SARIF files generated by third party tools that have many runs. See the [GitHub API documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/code-scanning?apiVersion=2022-11-28#upload-an-analysis-as-sarif-data) for a list of all the limits around uploading SARIF. This change will be released to GitHub Enterprise Server as part of GHES 3.9.
```

> - The maximum number of [SARIF runs](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/code-scanning/integrating-with-code-scanning/sarif-support-for-code-scanning#run-object) per file has been increased from 15 to 20 for users uploading SARIF files to GitHub.com. This change will help ensure that Code Scanning can process SARIF files generated by third party tools that have many runs. See the [GitHub API documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/code-scanning?apiVersion=2022-11-28#upload-an-analysis-as-sarif-data) for a list of all the limits around uploading SARIF. This change will be released to GitHub Enterprise Server as part of GHES 3.9.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The maximum number of [SARIF runs](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/code-scanning/integrating-with-code-scanning/sarif-support-for-code-scanning#run-object) per file has been increased from 15 to 20 for users uploading SARIF files to GitHub.com. This change will help ensure that Code Scanning can process SARIF files generated by third-party tools that have many runs. See the [GitHub API documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/code-scanning?apiVersion=2022-11-28#upload-an-analysis-as-sarif-data) for a list of all the limits around uploading SARIF. This change will be released to GitHub Enterprise Server as part of GHES 3.9.
```
